Fix antismash-conda download issue + minor updates (#397)
nf-core/funcscan: CHANGELOG.md

- [#376](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/376) Fixed an occasional RGI process failure when certain files not produced. (❤️ to @amizeranschi for reporting, fix by @amizeranschi & @jfy133)
- [#386](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/386) Updated DeepBGC module to fix output file names, separate annotation step for all BGC tools, add warning if no BGCs found, fix MultiQC reporting of annotation workflow. (by @jfy133, @jasmezz)
- [#392](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/392) & [#397](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/397) Fixed a docker/singularity only error appearing when running with conda. (❤️ to @ewissel for reporting, fix by @jfy33 & @jasmezz)
- [#394](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/394) Fixed BGC input channel: pre-annotated input is picked up correctly now. (by @jfy133, @jasmezz)
- [#391](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/391) Skip hmmmsearch by default to not crash pipeline if user provides no HMM files, updated docs. (by @jasmezz)
- [#391](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/391) Made all "database" parameter names consistent. (by @jasmezz)

> - [#397](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/397) Removed deprecated conda module, fixed variable name in BGC workflow, updated minor parts in docs (usage, paramter schema). (by @jasmezz)

Author: ```suggestion
- [#397](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/397) Removed deprecated AMPcombi module, fixed variable name in BGC workflow, updated minor parts in docs (usage, parameter schema). (by @jasmezz)
```
